doc: add examples for tt cluster (#632)
tarantool/tt: doc/examples.md

require("fiber").sleep(1)
```

## Working with tt cluster (experimental)

`tt cluster` module is used to manage a Tarantool 3 cluster configuration.
Since Tarantool 3 has not yet been released, this module may still change
in the future.

The module has following commands:

-   `tt cluster show SOURCE` - to show a cluster configuration from the
    `SOURCE`.
-   `tt cluster publish SOURCE config.yaml` - to publish a cluster
    configuration to the `SOURCE`.

The `SOURCE` could be:

- An application name or application:instance name.

> - An etcd URI. In the cause you could specify an instance name as an URI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An etcd URI. In this case you could specify an instance name as an URI
```

Author: Updated.
